WARNING: READING AHEAD MAY LEAD TO SPOILERS! READ CAREFULLY AT YOUR OWN RISK OF KNOWING TOO MUCH!

Also, the 7 key is used a lot as it is typically how you enter the Chart Editor in Friday Night Funkin'.
In FNF: Mushroom Kingdom Madness, you lose access to the editor in release builds and it will now only trigger the lua overrides instead. Debug builds allow you to use shift + 7 to avoid it.

- Main Songs -
To get Tutorial, just open Freeplay or Story Mode. Easy.
To get House/No Shrooms/Chaotically Stupid/Bup, just play the main week.

- Side Songs -
to get Academic Failure, miss a note on Tutorial... or hit 7 like a boring... ac- academic... failure...
To get Hell Shrooms (or Shroom Showdown, as it may be called), simply head over to No Shrooms and hit 7. If a mushroom appears in No Shrooms freeplay, you may also click that.
To get Extra Screwed, hit 7 on Chaotically Stupid.
To get Welcom Toad, hit 7 on Extra Screwed and start breakdancing like the fire-alarm loving fnf fan you are.
To get Normalized, go out to the Main Menu and scroll horizontally instead of vertically.
To get Shroomus Toodus, go to Freeplay. It's a cover/remix, so like, whatever. Just have it.
To get No Way, go to Freeplay and hit "Bup", specifically chosing the "Alpha" mode. Yes, we REALLY implemented Alpha. And yes, we DO infact hate it. No Way has a Beta difficulty if you're wondering.
To get Wrong House alongside Karrd Kollision, simply type "crossover" or one of the other many things in-game on the Main Menu screen. You may also check up on Toad's window in House for some... suspectible activity.

- Secret "Songs" (fnf fans be like) -
To get Top 10 Great Amazing Super Duper Wonderful Outstanding Saster Level Music That Ever Has Been Heard, simply enter Freeplay. That's it. I'm not joking, go try it. Why would you have to EARN this?
To get Incorrect Residence, simply hit 7 on Wrong House.
To get Why, simply hit 7 on Incorrect Residence.
To get Yeah, simply type "yeah" on the Main Menu screen.

- Secret Videos -
To get the Minien Memes video, die on House by only holding all of the keys down without ever ACTUALLY hitting a note.
To get the Skill Issue video, enter Skill Issue mode on the main week.
To get the Sad Spongebob video, hit 7 on Welcom Toad, as you've tried too hard at that point.
To get the Amen Break video, hit 7 on Why. (geez, we use a LOT of 7 presses...)





Now... that should be all, right?
Of course, know that multiple modes will be available such as "Old" and "Alpha"... but nothing else should be hiding, right:?








Though, I wonder...












What... what happens if you hit 7 on EVERY single song? Like, have you even thought about that yet? What could happen? Will someone stop us? Why CAN'T we get to the chart editor??

IDK, maybe it's a stretch. Maybe there isn't some over-the-top super generic thing that I, the main dev, project manager, and co-director of this mod am totally not trying to lead you to unlock, and I'm just being insane.
I'm gonna go to bed. It's 11:38PM as of writing this. Goodnight.